source/publications/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "publications"
date: 2013-11-25
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
---

{% bibtex %}
@Article{equivalence:simplicial,
    AUTHOR = {Villarroel-Flores, Rafael},
     TITLE = {Homotopy equivalence of simplicial sets with a group action},
   JOURNAL = {Bol. Soc. Mat. Mexicana (3)},
  FJOURNAL = {Sociedad Matem\'atica Mexicana. Bolet\'\i n. Tercera Serie},
    VOLUME = {6},
      YEAR = {2000},
    NUMBER = {2},
     PAGES = {247--262},
      ISSN = {1405-213X},
   MRCLASS = {},
  MRNUMBER = {1 810 853},
MRREVIEWER = {Donald M. Davis},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{some:sequences,
   AUTHOR = {Villarroel-Flores, Rafael and Webb, Peter},
     TITLE = {Some split exact sequences in the cohomology of groups},
   JOURNAL = {Topology},
  FJOURNAL = {Topology. An International Journal of Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {41},
      YEAR = {2002},
    NUMBER = {3},
     PAGES = {483--494},
      ISSN = {0040-9383},
     CODEN = {TPLGAF},
   MRCLASS = {20J06 (55T05 55U10 57M07)},
  MRNUMBER = {2003h:20097},
MRREVIEWER = {Ross Staffeldt},
URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0040-9383(01)00012-X)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{almostregular,
    AUTHOR = {Araujo-Pardo, G. and Villarroel-Flores, R.},
     TITLE = {Almost regular cages},
   JOURNAL = {Int. Math. Forum},
  FJOURNAL = {International Mathematical Forum. Journal for Theory and
              Applications},
    VOLUME = {2},
      YEAR = {2007},
    NUMBER = {57-60},
     PAGES = {2911--2917},
      ISSN = {1312-7594},
   MRCLASS = {05C38},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2380156},
  URL = {[url](http://www.m-hikari.com/imf-password2007/57-60-2007/index.html)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{gpht,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Posets, clique graphs and their homotopy type},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {29},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {334--342},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
   MRCLASS = {05C62 (05C69 06A11)},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2368640 (2008j:05232)},
MRREVIEWER = {Bernd S. W. Schr{\"o}der},
URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2006.04.012)},
}
{% endbibtex %}


{% bibtex %}
@article{contractibility,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Contractibility and the clique graph operator},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {308},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {16},
     PAGES = {3461--3469},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2421668},
  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.07.004)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{equivariantc,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Equivariant collapses and the homotopy type of iterated clique
              graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {308},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {15},
     PAGES = {3199--3207},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2423402},
  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.06.021)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{fundamental,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {The fundamental group of the clique graph},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {30},
      YEAR = {2009},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {288--294},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
	  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2007.12.006)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{chessboard-graphs,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {The clique operator on matching and chessboard graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {309},
      YEAR = {2009},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {85--93},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
	  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.12.047)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR2867738,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Small locally $nK_{2}$ graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Ars Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {Ars Combinatoria},
    VOLUME = {102},
      YEAR = {2011},
     PAGES = {385--391},
      ISSN = {0381-7032},
     CODEN = {ACOMDN},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {2867738 (2012i:05066)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR2950481,
    AUTHOR = {Merino, Criel and Noble, Steven D. and
              Ramírez-Ibáñez, Marcelino and
              Villarroel-Flores, Rafael},
     TITLE = {On the structure of the $h$-vector of a paving matroid},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {33},
      YEAR = {2012},
    NUMBER = {8},
     PAGES = {1787--1799},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
   MRCLASS = {05B35 (05E45)},
  MRNUMBER = {2950481},
MRREVIEWER = {Peter Vincent Hegarty},
       DOI = {10.1016/j.ejc.2012.04.002},
       URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2012.04.002)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR3004484,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Iterated clique graphs and bordered compact surfaces},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {313},
      YEAR = {2013},
    NUMBER = {4},
     PAGES = {508--516},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C69 (05C10)},
  MRNUMBER = {3004484},
MRREVIEWER = {Hiroshi Maehara},
       DOI = {10.1016/j.disc.2012.11.017},
       URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2012.11.017)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{morse,
year={2013},
issn={0218-0006},
journal={Annals of Combinatorics},
volume={17},
number={4},
doi={10.1007/s00026-013-0204-7},
title={Discrete Morse theory and the homotopy type of clique graphs},
url={[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00026-013-0204-7)},
publisher={Springer Basel},
keywords={05C76; 05C69; 57Q10; clique graph; discrete Morse theory; homotopy type},
author={Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M.A. and Villarroel-Flores, R.},
pages={743-754},
language={English}
}
{% endbibtex %}

Commit message:

Added publication of small jumps

source/publications/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "publications"
date: 2014-01-14
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
---

{% bibtex %}
@Article{equivalence:simplicial,
    AUTHOR = {Villarroel-Flores, Rafael},
     TITLE = {Homotopy equivalence of simplicial sets with a group action},
   JOURNAL = {Bol. Soc. Mat. Mexicana (3)},
  FJOURNAL = {Sociedad Matem\'atica Mexicana. Bolet\'\i n. Tercera Serie},
    VOLUME = {6},
      YEAR = {2000},
    NUMBER = {2},
     PAGES = {247--262},
      ISSN = {1405-213X},
   MRCLASS = {},
  MRNUMBER = {1 810 853},
MRREVIEWER = {Donald M. Davis},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{some:sequences,
   AUTHOR = {Villarroel-Flores, Rafael and Webb, Peter},
     TITLE = {Some split exact sequences in the cohomology of groups},
   JOURNAL = {Topology},
  FJOURNAL = {Topology. An International Journal of Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {41},
      YEAR = {2002},
    NUMBER = {3},
     PAGES = {483--494},
      ISSN = {0040-9383},
     CODEN = {TPLGAF},
   MRCLASS = {20J06 (55T05 55U10 57M07)},
  MRNUMBER = {2003h:20097},
MRREVIEWER = {Ross Staffeldt},
URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0040-9383(01)00012-X)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{almostregular,
    AUTHOR = {Araujo-Pardo, G. and Villarroel-Flores, R.},
     TITLE = {Almost regular cages},
   JOURNAL = {Int. Math. Forum},
  FJOURNAL = {International Mathematical Forum. Journal for Theory and
              Applications},
    VOLUME = {2},
      YEAR = {2007},
    NUMBER = {57-60},
     PAGES = {2911--2917},
      ISSN = {1312-7594},
   MRCLASS = {05C38},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2380156},
  URL = {[url](http://www.m-hikari.com/imf-password2007/57-60-2007/index.html)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{gpht,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Posets, clique graphs and their homotopy type},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {29},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {334--342},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
   MRCLASS = {05C62 (05C69 06A11)},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2368640 (2008j:05232)},
MRREVIEWER = {Bernd S. W. Schr{\"o}der},
URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2006.04.012)},
}
{% endbibtex %}


{% bibtex %}
@article{contractibility,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Contractibility and the clique graph operator},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {308},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {16},
     PAGES = {3461--3469},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2421668},
  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.07.004)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{equivariantc,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Equivariant collapses and the homotopy type of iterated clique
              graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {308},
      YEAR = {2008},
    NUMBER = {15},
     PAGES = {3199--3207},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {MR2423402},
  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.06.021)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{fundamental,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {The fundamental group of the clique graph},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {30},
      YEAR = {2009},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {288--294},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
	  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2007.12.006)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{chessboard-graphs,
   AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {The clique operator on matching and chessboard graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {309},
      YEAR = {2009},
    NUMBER = {1},
     PAGES = {85--93},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
	  URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2007.12.047)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR2867738,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Small locally $nK_{2}$ graphs},
   JOURNAL = {Ars Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {Ars Combinatoria},
    VOLUME = {102},
      YEAR = {2011},
     PAGES = {385--391},
      ISSN = {0381-7032},
     CODEN = {ACOMDN},
   MRCLASS = {05C10},
  MRNUMBER = {2867738 (2012i:05066)},
  URL      = {[url](http://www.combinatorialmath.ca/arscombinatoria/vol102.html)}
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR2950481,
    AUTHOR = {Merino, Criel and Noble, Steven D. and
              Ramírez-Ibáñez, Marcelino and
              Villarroel-Flores, Rafael},
     TITLE = {On the structure of the $h$-vector of a paving matroid},
   JOURNAL = {European J. Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {European Journal of Combinatorics},
    VOLUME = {33},
      YEAR = {2012},
    NUMBER = {8},
     PAGES = {1787--1799},
      ISSN = {0195-6698},
   MRCLASS = {05B35 (05E45)},
  MRNUMBER = {2950481},
MRREVIEWER = {Peter Vincent Hegarty},
       DOI = {10.1016/j.ejc.2012.04.002},
       URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejc.2012.04.002)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR3004484,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {Iterated clique graphs and bordered compact surfaces},
   JOURNAL = {Discrete Math.},
  FJOURNAL = {Discrete Mathematics},
    VOLUME = {313},
      YEAR = {2013},
    NUMBER = {4},
     PAGES = {508--516},
      ISSN = {0012-365X},
     CODEN = {DSMHA4},
   MRCLASS = {05C69 (05C10)},
  MRNUMBER = {3004484},
MRREVIEWER = {Hiroshi Maehara},
       DOI = {10.1016/j.disc.2012.11.017},
       URL = {[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.disc.2012.11.017)},
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article{morse,
year={2013},
issn={0218-0006},
journal={Annals of Combinatorics},
volume={17},
number={4},
doi={10.1007/s00026-013-0204-7},
title={Discrete Morse theory and the homotopy type of clique graphs},
url={[url](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00026-013-0204-7)},
publisher={Springer Basel},
keywords={05C76; 05C69; 57Q10; clique graph; discrete Morse theory; homotopy type},
author={Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M.A. and Villarroel-Flores, R.},
pages={743-754},
language={English}
}
{% endbibtex %}

{% bibtex %}
@article {MR2867738,
    AUTHOR = {Larrión, F. and Pizaña, M. A. and Villarroel-Flores,
              R.},
     TITLE = {The Clique Behavior Of Circulants With Three Small Jumps},
   JOURNAL = {Ars Combin.},
  FJOURNAL = {Ars Combinatoria},
    VOLUME = {113A},
      YEAR = {2014},
     PAGES = {147--160},
      ISSN = {0381-7032},
     CODEN = {ACOMDN},
	 url   = {[url](http://www.combinatorialmath.ca/arscombinatoria/vol113A.html)}
}
{% endbibtex %}
